No, he doesn't really one thing is like it at home. Sometimes you just sit by me and stuff I forgot to tell you.
Look for the house of the Reindeer. you get fight it a lot easier if you couldn't remember where we were.
Remember it once you get to it. I see it I know all that's it. Yeah, i'll look at some of the housing. Yeah, the one with the 2 reindeer that mark and Tim last year, took and put on top of each other as if
they were home thing that was a so I went out in the morning i'm like it's like get out of my car.
Stop in the driveway and take them off of each other.
Kill them. But no, he has become more attached and I think a lot of it is because a lot of his friends have now gotten married and have children, and he doesn't do as much with him.
And I think that's why but he has gotten so attached to me.
I've always been very independent and a lot of it had to do with me growing up the way I did it with my mother dying younger.
And then living with my one hand, then my eye and died when I used to bow, and then milling to another ant which was moving up here, and I've always had to go back and forth.
I've always traveled on my own i've always flown everywhere by myself.
, I've always done everything i've had to deal with my father.
I listened to my sister when my nephew started college.
How she was saying. she filled out all the applications for where he was going, and she did all of these things.
When he had applied for a scholarship or whatever she filled out everything, and I'm like I did it by myself.
You read the Forum, and you fill it out. No one did it for me, you know, and I was very much whatever I needed.
I got my money from my father. He paid for school but I did everything on my own.
I didn't have any lives see my parents weren't very I don't know they're not extremely educated, and they're not really on top of things and so when it came to things like that they wouldn't know how to help
me really Yeah, they wouldn't I mean they had no clue They didn't give me any suggestions. I go to the school where they said, Oh, yeah, go to school and pay for it we want you to go to school. but they had no
idea of what's a good school as a bad school as you know any type of section? Yeah.
And so I feel that's what's one of the biggest setbacks.
I say this with with black use today. is that because your generations in the past. Were not educated. You have a heart of time deciding on what's a good school.
What's a good curriculum for you to take your your parents aren't able to talk to you about it just as you were saying, Mean you're not black but you're just saying that but black children have that even more
so right, because you have your more likely not to be a had come from educated parents, whereas I came from an educated family.
It was just the fact. They made us do everything on our own, but black people also those that have more tried to teach you to be stronger.
But I think they instilled trying to make me so strong that they forgot that I was a person I mean.
I often feel like at times that and maybe it's the gain that's coming out of me by I don't like it like when I was home.
Just went home to Indiana. I went to hug my sister, and I still feel that she finds a coldness in hunting.
She doesn't like to talk no my family's not very much hugging, I mean my whole life.
We've never been very you greet someone you don't hug them.
You're just like hi! How are you and even like male female.
You don't do it. Yeah, my my mother, was like that point so.
And then my father was different, very emotional, so my family is more it's different.
It's like each memory family is slightly different they have a different amount of touch.
I always said that if I had children I would always, especially if I had a son, I would hug him just so.
He knew that. I loved him. I think it's good I don't think we can uberly hug with family and stuff like that.
Yeah see, and that's. how I feel is that I want to hunk him because I want him to know that I do love him, and that I want my children.
If I ever had children to know there is nothing wrong with showing physical affection between 2 men, it doesn't make you gay, right, you know, and that is one of the things that was saying yesterday.
It really bothered me a lot because his nephew kept calling him aunt, because in his nephew was just being rude and obnoxious about every gift, he unwrapped and his brother.
Said, Oh, that's just the way kids are today. and i'm like No, that's the way you train your kids.
If you don't train your kids to be any better than they are, and seeing a family like his brother his older brother, i'll say, Oh, my best friend, but he'll tease me about Oh, why aren't you married you must be a
fag or this Then he'll laugh it off and he Doesn't realize what y is gay, and it hurts he doesn't know This guy has no idea it's probably going to drop them off which is why I have
to close those lines, but it's the way he is and his brother is just like that.
He and so his little boys were not the same way and he's like this big field. he's overweight, and I told him I said what I wouldn't take it first, on because what was telling me this morning I said first of
all 12 years old. He's like 6 foot one and he's fat mean.
He's just probably a good £250 I guess one at 1212 years old, and he's like £250, and I said he's compensating for the fact.
I said. I bet you the kids pick on him and said he's different.
I said so, therefore he probably is a big bully at school, and I said so.
He's probably just like this kid who's just like real better, because nobody and I said his dad is just a jerk.
His brother will call our house, and just is just rude but you'll turn around and ask them to borrow $5,000.
I mean he just borrowed $25,000 from who like 2 years ago and took no I'll give it back.
I'm going to invest and i'll give it back in 3 months.
So he gets it takes come and start a year, and a half to pay back like $25,000 just to lay around that, you know, and that's the way his brother is.
You know very, and he says things to just like oh, just awful things about Gay, because who hasn't dealt with his gay as himself, and he hasn't dealt with who he is and that's why he
doesn't say anything so you can't really blame the guy in the sense that he doesn't know he doesn't stick up for himself, and I keep telling you you're gonna have to say something because all of these things
are hurting you it's like Oh, it doesn't bother me. i'm like then why are you talking about it. said if that would have been my nephew, and he would have said that to me I did not come across that chair I don't care
how big. Oh, yeah, I said, my nephew, so it might. Nephews and nieces do.
Not one of the little girls tried pulling something on we went shopping and tried a little attitude in the mall, and I grabbed her, and I said, I don't care if you are my sister's child I will knock you across that
bitch, and I said I don't have to take that I said, you'll never go shopping with me again, and I just don't believe in, and i'm sorry I was not hit as a child, but I also was not nasty like
some kiss. Now he's right they do talk bad some of the kids say things, but kids always do.
But that's not an excuse hello you hello what's from on.
You want Why? Why? okay, all right Well, yeah if you don't have enough gas, and you're worried that you're going to run out.
I wouldn't go anywhere, either. so why don't you call you later on, Ok.
Bye he's afraid he's going to run out of gas getting over here.
Well, why can't you get gas I don't know he dropped all the way back from Green Bay with just on that, and he thought he was going to make it.
And somebody would be open, so he said he's like it's he said.
It's like past empty it's past but he he's afraid that he'll run out on this mailbox, and he probably would she just well there's one down the street from his house but it'll
probably be open round morning it's not open now, so he said he'd just rather stay home instead, I said Fine glance down.
But I Don't know I really think that it's hard it's hard to hide this like I couldn't hide it any longer.
Time he's hiding a way too much I couldn't have to tell tell my mother is that why you told her so.
I was really upset. any nice and that was really that's how she took her.
Yeah, that was really funny, because she sits something like Well, it's a good thing they're so weird.
Anyone I had on this plan, and I said, What do you mean?
He was weird, and she said, Well, he was sort of a feminine, and I was like, Well, what do you mean he's gears, and she's like well, I think he might have been and I said Well, why does that bother
you I said, because I am and she's like no you're not. I know you're not getting and I said, yes, I am.
How do you know me better than I know next up she's looking at me?
And she was really upset. Did she tell your dad? Did you tell your dad?
No, she ended up, telling him, I think, eventually, but not irrational.
First thing I had to go to see a second. Oh, she made you go do that. I went.
Oh, his mother told me that, too, see and then I went and the Guy's really nice.
What what's? Why are you here? Tell me what's going on? I see.
What were you at this time 19 and she's suggesting a psychiatrist at 19?
She didn't think you knew enough about yourself at that age right boss.
She didn't want to believe it you can't blame them to some extent. So then I went to the psychiatrist and he's like well, what's the problem and I said Well, my mother's upset because
i'm gay and he's like Well, it sounds like she has a problem. Did he really say that? Yes, he said.
It sounds like she's the one with the problem and I didn't even think about how I said it I just said it, and he interpreted how I said it is.
How it was, and you know what's really funny, is that a psychiatrist would say that and knowingly know that you know he accepted the fact that yes, you are gay, and it is something that like when we told his
friend. It was telling me that the who said oh, I don't like it.
But if that's what you want maybe that's not truly who you are, you know, and I said to me that something she didn't accept it.
And he said, Well, I think she accepted it she just said that, and he told her that he feels he was born with it, and she said, No, I don't believe that I think it's your choice.
That that's what you want and I told them I hate when people say that, because if I felt that was my choice, I don't think that would have been the first choice I would hear and It's not say that I was sure of
being dead. What it is is that because of what society has done or has laid the rules for us, I don't really think I would chose to be gay.
I wouldn't, why would I want to be gay and have to deal with what we go through? Exactly.
And that's why, I explained my folks now, and they totally believe It's like thereditorial genetic, or whatever that it's not a choice.
They do believe it now? Oh, yeah they do Oh, I believe it's it's I don't know if it's hereditary.
I do believe It's something it's a gene or it's something I don't think I don't care what people say. you are you do not choose i've known since I was Gosh!
Probably I can remember for 5 years old. I remember looking have.
My uncle was sleeping on the couch in our family room, and he was sleeping there with this boxers on, and his piece fell out of his pants, and I just stood there and stared at it, and I was and I know it
was a sexual arousal, because I can remember filling sexually interested.
So I was like 4 years old, so I knew then you know what you feel inside. You can't, and I don't care what anybody says.
If 4 years old, I chose that that I liked what I saw I don't think so.
I don't think I knew it 4 years old that I could actually just say, Oh, wow!
I want to play with this guy, you know I don't think so, and if they say things like, oh, when I was maybe 7, I stuck with my cousin, who was probably 1213 at the time, and I slept with him no He
was 16, sure to bed with him. and he started following me and I enjoyed it, and I followed him back, and I was like 7 years old, and I I don't say that he did it to me.
He were lessed me, or write me, as people were saying now, the older uncle generally.
I think these kids, not saying adult should have been more responsible.
My 16 year Oldons cousin should have been more responsible, and not quite with a seven-year-old child.
But he did. but i'm not going to turn around and tell my aunt.
Well, she, your son will ask you as a child no Well, we don't know.
Actually, I think he is. He brought home a drag me for Christmas last year.
Yeah, at the time, though, he had like when he turned 22. he got it married, and he had kids and stuff. he has kids which doesn't mean there are a lot of facts with kids.
But he just is very. That was what happened to me and I Don't blame my cousin.
It was just another awakening experience for me, and there were several experiences when I was growing up, I mean, I remember watching one of our neighbors who was taking a shower, and you could see right through his bedroom.
And he got out, and he was naked, and I remember watching, and I remember being mesmerized by his body.
I was never, really that masterminded by a female's body as I was by a man's body. And so that's why I don't understand where they come up with this of It's your choice it's
not I know that that's what I felt I remember when I was.
I was like probably 3 or 4, and I was wrestling.
I remember wrestling the floor. My brother is coming around experience.
When I was younger, and my older brothers had friends over.
Remember it. They come over these friends, these guys, and I would just be like and lost for these guys.
I mean I must have been like 9 or 10, and I was just like idolizing these guys like, Oh, my God!
I remember I would like, imagine, like, if I could have them in my bedroom.
So. yeah, you know. Oh, as if they were like a twitter or something.
That was my older brother, because my own brother played football.
Purdue, and I used to go to games and I followed him around.
He'd take me for weekends and then I get to sit in the locker room and these guys would like tickle me and hug me, and I was just a little kid, because I probably was probably about 10 at the time 2,000
and 11, and they just thought I was nice. This little boy just had, and I know I was always sexually aroused by it.
And you know these things, and you know it's inside of you you know.
What do you do? And I know my brother, who lives in Dallas, the one that played football at Purdue.
He knew it. He he knew he knew especially after because when I left California.
I didn't come back here first. I actually went to Dallas because my brother's like come and stay with me.
Things will work out, and you can look for a job down here.
And so we flew to dallas I went to my brother's house and banged the door, and said, I want to see him.
We need to talk for my brother's like this is really odd for 2 friends to be this emotionally attached, and I was like crying all the time, and like, when came I started trying and I was just like just tell him to
leave me alone. Just get him out of here and blah blah blah.
And now you tell me your family doesn't realize out what is wrong that 2 friends are thing they're fighting each other.
The one guy standing outside the house at midnight, screaming, Let me talk to him.
Let me talk to him. It is a little weird, you know, so to figure out, Yeah.
And my brother had met him because we went down there on a vacation of spring break once, and he thought he was really cool, and they stopped.
He really liked him alive until that episode and then I haven't spoke to my brother to be honest with you, since really, why was he like upset?
No I think i'm afraid i'm afraid that he's going to come right out and ask me about it.
And what happened was, I ended up leaving Dallas and coming back to Wisconsin like a week later.
Doesn't he come up here for holidays I won't go home.
Anything here. Yeah, I won't go to India. I say I don't have any family wisconsin my family's on Indiana.
So when he comes home like if I know he's coming home for Thanksgiving, i'm home he did call me one time because he needed me to sign a property agreement.
Some property we own jointly there's 8 of us that my grandparents left us, and he needed to brought money against it.
So he called and left me a message. I was in home.
I was working, and he said, Gami has never known me.
Call him back, and I called my sister and said fine send me the patella to send me the paper, and i'll sign it, and I never talked to them so that I haven't talked to my brother see I've been in Milwaukee
for 2 years. so about 10 and a half years wow he's a lot older than I am, because if I was 10 and he was 19, so he's 9 years older than my nose I think he's over it's in his
fortys important. Did you think it's more that you're just well now, i'm going to tell him I keep telling myself every month column, and just tell him because I want to go to Dallas and I missed my brother he was my best friend and he
knows he knows but I just couldn't just come right out and tell him then I couldn't tell him Well, there was more to it than that one came to the house.
He had a gun. They had to call the Please again. Yes, and i'm standing outside the house saying, i'm going to kill myself if you don't talk to me just tell me and there was just so much to this all the guy who doesn't know
he's gay isn't sure if you scale yeah who's now in the airforcements in South Carolina.
So. where's that? I thought this when gabriel was married let's move.
Oh, no! the other guy! That was all sort of friends that I do in college, the one that I told.
I know he was the one that I told that if he had told me he loved me I would have never left.
I would have like I would have never because I never really like I said who was my friend, and I knew he was my friend, and I was in love with when I was in college and to this day if wasn't here and wasn't married to
a woman I would be with. He was probably the best sexual partner I could ever imagine.
But and we never had sex he's the only person I know who kissed me when he kissed me.
I just came right with the spot. you never had size you know the booty dance you had, oral size or on sags, but he was just oh, and fine.
And I don't like men with like auburn hair but he had alderman hair, and these turquoise eyes, and he was like 6 foot, and just, and he still is I was just like he is to die for I
thought I was so young man. he was the one that blamed me.
He went to me for 6 months. the first time we messed around we were drawn. how he messed around, and he wouldn't speak to me for 6 months, and said it was my fault that he knows he's not gay but yet
he was the one that grabbed me and threw me on the floor.
You confronted you, and said that, too, I called him the next day after it had happened, and he said, I don't want to talk to you.
You took advantage of me when I was drunk but he's the one that grabbed me kissed me, took my underwear off, and he started it.
You know I knew what I was about I didn't get into it, but I knew, and he was the one that was the first experience, and then the second experience.
He didn't speak to me for 3 months because he by me for that.
And then the third experience he blamed me for he's been blaming me for all these experiences up until like when I get serious like the year after, and i'm still kind of saying old i'm going to have to watch him and stuff and that's when
he stopped by me. Now he caused me, and tells me that he wants to be with me, and he called like he called me last week and said he wanted to be with me.
You call up your dogs? No, but he's married and I keep telling him.
Get out of that relationship before you have children just get out of it don't carry anybody baggage with you Always my biggest theory.
Dumb caring he exits very with you and he loves her, but when he doesn't know how to separate is he loves her, but he's not in love.
You know what I mean. Right? Oh, yeah, you can love a person but you're not in love with them.
It's not sexual. Yeah, and that's really hard because you find it very difficult to be to love someone.
And when you tell someone you love them, they misunderstand what love is all about, I don't know. but I think if there was ever anybody I truly, but he, everybody has that one person who breaks their heart, and he built high
heart just incredibly, because I wasn't really in love with his looks I just.
I've never met anybody who, when they touched you just there was so much warmth and so much just there was so much energy.
There that I mean so you've kept in contact with them Yes, since 19.
Yeah, I've been here for a long time who is it just call you call?
No he tells me I can't call him Oh, actually I can't, because his wife knows that we're friends.
But I don't choose to call him he like he used to travel around the country.
They used to live in California now they live somewhere. They just moved his wife getting a job.
He quit his job for her for her job because she moved to California for them because they were living in Washington, Dc.
So he used to travel all over the world. Well, whenever he come to Wisconsin for the Derex Bar, he come here, go to Chicago for some reason to take businessmen around.
What he did was. he took farmers around from around different parts of the world so that they can look at farms.
So his travel a lot of time, was in Wisconsin because of the farms.
Here they would see how things were done. He like took them around doing this, and he traveled all over the world.
See that's Why, I think now, is getting to this point where he's with all the time, and before we traveled like 90% of the year he was gone.
I mean what's gone 90% of the year so now he's with every day, and it's been this way for the last 3 or 4 months, and I think that's all the last 2 months.
He just started. So they've been married 6 years he just stopped her halfway, and I think now it's just like I don't know if this is for me.
I don't know if this is right and he's starting to call me, and he's starting to tell me how much he cares for me, and how he has feelings for me and I know that you're with and
i'm just like and i'm not giving up my life for you.
He asked me once, right out of college when he moved to Washington, Dc.
When I came back from California, and I was here, and I just started working, he asked me to move to war to be with him.
That was when he was on. the peak of thinking maybe I am gay, and I said, Well, why don't I come out there first, and we'll see.
So I went out there and he goes well. yeah you can move out here and get your own apartment whereas he owned a 3 bedroom house and the Bi himself, and i'm like Ok.
Can I afford to move out here to get an apartment until I find he never said, Move in here with me until you find a place or whatever it was just like. And then he wanted to still straight life in this man another so now he
claims bisexuality, but he's moving closer I think the steps are getting gay, because when he was talking to me on the phone last week he was telling me how much he still loved me, and he doesn't know what to
do about the whole situation. he really love, you though he doesn't know me, because in the last 10 years we talked to each other, maybe once a month, Well, that's quick, and actually maybe not even that sometimes it's every other month, and he was traveling around
the world like. He went to Germany for 6 weeks, and he sent me a sweeping flyer ticket because he was there training to disputed learning to speak German on a six-week course, and he sent me to come and spend a
week with him, and I saw no but at that time I had been like 4 years, and I was just like I don't claim so you're not going to use me for your little sex thing for that week, and then that's it I
mean I love him. I really do but I don't I also don't trust him.
I don't think any man who is as sexual as he is, and traveled as much as he did could stay Sullivan or State committed to his wife right.
I mean. when I saw him once in Chicago.
I went to Chicago about 4 years ago 5 years ago, and he was in Chicago at this really nice hotel, and he said, Why don't you come and I free Saturday and Sunday? Why don't you come and I said fine so I took
the train to try one Saturday and I thought okay no big deal.
He'll have a Roman 2 double beds no it was a king-sized bed.
So I thought, Okay, you know we do. I took a sleeping bag just in case.
So here I am, taking my sleeping bag I roll it out on the floor, and he goes.
Well, you don't have to worry you can share this bet with me.
I love. No, I take that back. It was more than 5 years ago, because he's been married for 6 years.
His coming. May. No 7 years is coming in. So it was more than 6 years ago, because it was.
But he asked me to marry him. it was way around Christmas time. So it's been about 6 and a half years, so he asked me to marry him, and he says I really love going i'm going to marry her and a lot of this so I get in the bed
I thought final big deal. I'm wearing my t-shirt, my underwear.
So I get him in bed, and in the morning I Wake up and here he is, sound like, so i'm like, Okay, so do you leave, or what do you do, you know?
So I'm like he goes just don't say anything and I said this isn't right. You don't really want to be with me.
You just want the sexual part, and I said that's all there is to it.
And I just do this, and he accepted it and I don't know he always, and he always asked me a house school.
How is your sex life with? Who are you happy with, you know?
Do you still, miss me, and i'm like when I haven't told you I missed you in years.
What are you talking about. it's like excuse me is He full of himself or what, and he's another one, too.
He knows he's good looking he's another one when we were one college.
He knew it. And what really against me is that I think the reason I always tracked it like I attracted a lot of football players.
Is, people always got the impression I was gay so if they knew you were gay, and they wanted some experience, and they didn't want to approach another.
Say, man, and your frat, and they kind of thought you were gay, and nobody really wanted to say they would approach me, so I always got all the good looking ones to always come after me, and that's how I ended up with my high. enough.
And I realized that I always think well fishing I mean he was just like, oh, just perfect.
A lot of people don't like alderman hair or reddish brown hair.
They don't care for it just a beautiful man they both are. But I find that that's what happens in these fraternities, as you find a man who is curious about his sexuality.
And if they find someone who they question okay, is he gay or isn't he gay, then they will tend to go after you a little bit faster.
So then you think, Ok, you see some of these guys in the virus, and you think like I was out as a trying.
When I saw this guy he was so good-looking i'm like how the hell did he end up with that thing?
And then I thought, you know I bet you he's just out and he was from our kid, and he was just finding out, and he met this guy and that's why he was all with them.
You know. I mean, this is how this was a while back This was their young. Yeah.
Well, they were yarn. The one guy in particular was young.
The guy that was from my cat was probably I wouldn't think he would be more than 2021 I could.
But you shouldn't have been in the triangle if you want to know the truth.